Stop
Mom, you call the shots for me again
This mother not only bullied me at school
And now you're ruining my birthday party
Chasing my son, chasing him home
It's not what you think at all
It's obviously the sin you think
It's not your turn to speak
The gay principal expelled him
Xiaoxue, don't
He has to go to school.
Okay, don't get confused
Who can understand me?
Beg him to imitate me
Stop mom can't let them go
He also stole the bracelet you gave to Brother Yun Zhi
Hand it over
I didn't run away
This is my bracelet.
Liars like you give it to me
Don't touch me. I didn't steal
It's definitely on him.
Get out and let go
Said he didn't steal it
What is this?